Docs 655 email (#195)
freenas/documentation: content/en/hub/tasks/administrative/system-alerts.md

The alerts are grouped into sections based on the alert type. For example,
alerts that are related to pools appear in the alert section *Storage*.

## Email

An automatic script sends a nightly email to the root user account containing important information such as the health of the disks. Alert events are also emailed to the root user account. Problems with Scrub Tasks are reported separately in an email sent at 03:00AM.

*Note*: S.M.A.R.T. reports are mailed separately to the address configured in that service.

> The administrator typically does not read email directly on the TrueNAS® system. Instead, these emails are usually sent to an external email address where they can be read more conveniently. It is important to configure the system so it can send these emails to the administrator’s remote email account so they are aware of problems or status changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The administrator typically does not read emails directly on the TrueNAS® system. Instead, these emails are usually sent to an external email address where they can be read more conveniently. It is important to configure the system so it can send these emails to the administrator’s remote email account so they are aware of problems or status changes.
```

> The first step is to set the remote address where email will be sent. Go to **Accounts** ➞ **Users**, click the three dot menu (Options) and **Edit** for the root user. In the `Email` field, enter the email address on the remote system where email is to be sent, like *admin@example.com*. Click **SAVE** to save the settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to set the remote address where emails will be sent. Go to **Accounts** ➞ **Users**, click <i class="fas fa-ellipsis-v"></i> and **Edit** for the root user. In the `Email` field, enter the email address on the remote system where email is to be sent, like *admin@example.com*. Click **SAVE** to save the settings.
```
